.TH CONFIG.POLYCALL 5 "2026-02-14" "LibPolycall 2.0.0" "File Formats"
.SH NAME
config.polycall \- LibPolycall V2 configuration file format
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B config.polycall
file defines the server bindings, security policy, telemetry settings,
edge computing, and microservice isolation for the polycall protocol daemon.
.SH SYNTAX
The configuration uses a block-based syntax:
.PP
.nf
server <name> {
    <key>    <value>
    ...
}

security {
    <key>    <value>
    ...
}

telemetry {
    <key>    <value>
    ...
}
.fi
.PP
Lines beginning with # are comments.
.SH SERVER BLOCKS
Each server block defines a protocol binding:
.TP
.B port \fI<number>\fR
TCP port to listen on (e.g., 8084).
.TP
.B bind \fI<address>\fR
IP address to bind to (e.g., 127.0.0.1, 0.0.0.0).
.TP
.B protocol \fI<type>\fR
Protocol type: http, reverse_proxy.
.TP
.B max_clients \fI<number>\fR
Maximum concurrent client connections.
.TP
.B timeout \fI<seconds>\fR
Connection timeout in seconds.
.SH SECURITY BLOCK
.TP
.B mode \fI<policy>\fR
Security mode: zero_trust (default).
.TP
.B tls_enabled \fI<bool>\fR
Enable TLS encryption (true/false).
.TP
.B auth_required \fI<bool>\fR
Require authentication for all requests.
.TP
.B hash_algorithm \fI<algo>\fR
Hash algorithm for GUID generation: sha256, sha3.
.SH TELEMETRY BLOCK
.TP
.B enabled \fI<bool>\fR
Enable telemetry gathering.
.TP
.B guid_seed \fI<value>\fR
Seed value for GUID generation (auto for random seed).
.TP
.B guid_algorithm \fI<algo>\fR
Cryptographic hash for GUID: sha256, sha3.
.TP
.B uuid_session \fI<bool>\fR
Enable per-session UUID tracking.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/polycall/config.polycall
System-wide configuration.
.TP
.I .polycallrc
Per-project binding configuration.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR polycall (1),
.BR polycalld (8)
.SH AUTHOR
OBINexus Computing \- Nambdi Obi-Pala
