.TH POLYCALLD 8 "2026-02-14" "LibPolycall 2.0.0" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
polycalld \- LibPolycall V2 protocol daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B polycalld
[\fIOPTION\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B polycalld
is the daemon process for the LibPolycall V2 polymorphic core library.
It listens on a Unix domain socket and serves protocol requests from
language bindings, acting as a proxy and reverse proxy with zero-trust
security enforcement.
.PP
The daemon is designed to run behind nginx (or other reverse proxies)
and communicates via Unix sockets to minimize attack surface.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-config \fI<path>\fR
Path to configuration file. Default: /etc/polycall/config.polycall
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-pidfile \fI<path>\fR
Path to PID file. Default: /var/run/polycall/polycalld.pid
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-socket \fI<path>\fR
Path to Unix domain socket. Default: /var/run/polycall/polycalld.sock
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-logfile \fI<path>\fR
Path to log file. Default: /var/log/polycall/polycalld.log
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-foreground
Run in foreground (do not daemonize). Useful for debugging and
container deployments.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Print version and exit.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH SIGNALS
.TP
.B SIGHUP
Reload configuration file without restarting.
.TP
.B SIGTERM
Graceful shutdown.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/polycall/config.polycall
Main configuration file.
.TP
.I /var/run/polycall/polycalld.pid
Process ID file.
.TP
.I /var/run/polycall/polycalld.sock
Unix domain socket for client connections.
.TP
.I /var/log/polycall/polycalld.log
Daemon log file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR polycall (1),
.BR config.polycall (5),
.BR nginx (8),
.BR systemctl (1)
.SH AUTHOR
OBINexus Computing \- Nambdi Obi-Pala
