.TH POLYCALL 1 "2026-02-14" "LibPolycall 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
polycall \- LibPolycall V2 polymorphic core CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B polycall
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIARGS\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B polycall
is the command-line interface for the LibPolycall V2 polymorphic core library.
It provides commands for FFI bridge management, microservice isolation,
edge computing, and telemetry gathering.
.PP
In server mode, polycall reads a configuration file and starts a protocol
server that accepts requests from language bindings (Node.js, Python, Go,
Java, Rust, COBOL, Lua) via the polycall protocol.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B ffi \fI<binding>\fR
Manage FFI (Foreign Function Interface) bridge for the specified language binding.
Enables seamless cross-language function calls through the polycall protocol.
.TP
.B micro \fI<service>\fR
Microservice isolation command. Isolates components (e.g., banking service
from ad service) with strict data boundaries.
.TP
.B edge \fI<subcommand>\fR
Edge computing management. Controls node caching and triggers updates
only when underlying data changes.
.TP
.B telemetry guid \fI[options]\fR
Generate a Global Unique Identifier using a seeded cryptographic hash
mapped to NFA state machine routes. Used for bug replication and
system state tracking.
.TP
.B telemetry uuid \fI[options]\fR
Generate a User Unique Identifier for session tracking and
authentication within the polycall protocol.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-config \fI<file>\fR
Start the polycall server with the specified configuration file.
.TP
.B \-\-validate\-config \fI<file>\fR
Validate configuration file syntax without starting the server.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Display help information.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Display version information.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/polycall/config.polycall
System-wide configuration file.
.TP
.I .polycallrc
Per-project binding configuration.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR polycalld (8),
.BR config.polycall (5)
.SH AUTHOR
OBINexus Computing \- Nambdi Obi-Pala
